---
layout: post
title:  Why you should have a creative polymath in your business
date:   2017-05-26 14:05:55 +0300
image:  /assets/images/blog/post-2.jpg
author: Stephen Raven
tags:   Business Ideas
---

1. Why you should have a creative polymath in your business

Image Source: FreeImages


Creativity is one of the most important and elusive qualities in today's business world. Creativity enables businesses to break out of the monotonous routine and come up with innovative solutions to existing problems. In fact, creativity has been so essential that some people have even termed it a 'superpower' for businesses. Creativity helps you think outside the box, and that's where creative polymaths come in handy. > What is a Creative Polymath? A creative polymath is someone who excels not just in one but many fields of art such as music, acting, painting, etc. They are individuals who are driven by more than just money - they have a creative spark that drives them to explore, experiment and invent new things. Creative polymaths are skilled in different fields of art but also know how to bring all these skills together into something useful for society. Read on to discover why your business should hire or partner with a creative polymath...

Section 1: Creativity Comes From Diversity
The first reason why your business should hire creative polymaths is because creativity comes from diversity. The fact is, people who have a broad range of interests, hobbies, and experiences are better at creating new ideas than people who have no interests outside their work. This is because when you're interested in many different things, your brain gets more stimulation, which means it has more information to combine in new ways. This is why it's important that the people in charge of your business are diverse and have a broad range of interests. Research has shown that people who are exposed to more and are more inclusive of different cultures, languages, and experiences are better able to think outside the box and come up with brand new ideas.

Section 2: Creative Polymaths Are Experts In Many Fields
The second reason why you should hire creative polymaths is that they are experts in many fields. This may sound obvious, but it's important to remember that hiring people who are experts in different fields is a great way to come up with new ideas. Because creative polymaths have experience in many fields, they are able to understand problems from a new perspective and help you find innovative solutions. You can also hire creative polymaths to create products and services that are tailored to a specific group of people. For example, if you're creating a product for women, you might want to hire a photographer who has experience working with women so that he can help you design your product from a woman's perspective.

Section 3: Creative Polymaths Help You Discover New Ideas
The third reason why your business should hire creative polymaths is that they help you discover new ideas. A creative polymath has experience in many fields, and each of these fields has specific goals and methods. Thus, a creative polymath can help you come up with brand new ideas by applying their knowledge and methods to your business. You can also turn your employees' hobbies into new product ideas. For example, if your employee likes to cook, they could create a new recipe that is healthy and tastes great. You could then turn that recipe into a new product by turning it into a product such as a food recipe cookbook, a healthy cooking oil, or a cooking app.

Section 4: Creative Polymaths are the Bridge Between Artists and Engineers
The fourth reason why your business should hire creative polymaths is because they are the bridge between artists and engineers. This is important because it's common for engineers and artists to be at odds with one another; this is because engineers tend to like facts and figures, whereas artists tend to follow their passions and emotions. Therefore, it's important to hire people who are able to bring the two groups together. Creative polymaths have the ability to understand both artists and engineers and help them work together to create something new. This is great for businesses because they can come up with new products and services that solve real problems. Hiring creative polymaths is also beneficial because they can help you hire other creative polymaths. This is because creative polymaths often know other creative polymaths, and they can help you hire the right people.

Section 5: Bottom Line
The bottom line is that your business should hire creative polymaths because they have experience in many fields, they help you discover new ideas, they are the bridge between artists and engineers, and they are the bridge between artists and engineers. Creative polymaths are great for your business because they have the ability to help you come up with brand new ideas and find innovative solutions to existing problems.
